# January 7 Team Meeting

## Tasks This Week 
- Maddy -> Fix "Unknown" name bug in timeline & issue where some projects are not displaying details.
- Sara -> Refactor main.py into submodules (w/ Devin)
- An -> Mapping code extension to programming language. Saving tree to database (w/ Sithara) Req 21 & 22
- Sithara -> Saving tree to database (w/ An) Req 21 & 22
- Lexi -> Allow user to choose which information is represented. Req 23
- Devin -> Refactor main.py into submodules (w/ Sara)

## Notes
Portfolio Showcase will focus on the projects themselves rather than the specifics for the user. 
