# Sept 22 2025

## Discussed team git hub best practices.
- Set up Kanban Board, to be filled with requirements from Project Plan
- Discussed creating a template for PR's
- Agreed to create a PR when creating new branches, and will update the template for the PR as work is completed within it


## NEXT MEETING: Wednesday, Sept 24 @ 9pm on Discord
- Look at Use Cases and Requirements for Questions 3 and 4
- Brainstorm potential Test Cases for Requirements
- Will also need to finalize the UML diagram
